
todo
------------
1. on download take a copy and decript and keep original file  - done
2. email subject - include the accessor email and details  - done
3. Ask to enter email and auto check in db and  - done
    if the user is author - send one email /otp - done
    if the user is receiver - send 2 mails/otp - done
    if the user is not reg user - restrict  - send warnign to author - done conding (need to update the content)
4. copy and decrypt instead of working on the root file - done
5. update dwnld tocken   - done
6. user specified download location - done
7. create setup.py and requirement.txt for initial setup(need this if we need to run in another lap) - pending
8. create batch file - pending
9. Provide continue option once a operation is completed(do u wnt to contnue (y/N)?) - done


clarifications 
--------------
1. check database entry before copying the file  - need to check the req
2. auto list DL's (fetch from db and display) - ?
3. download(provide list of files available in the system) -- ??
4. GUI
    Add Groups from DB - low priority
    ADD drpdwn to choose file in download - low priority
    Enhance view - 
    on incorrect - else case return to home? else add count to try 3 otp (prefer choice 1)

pending works :
    allow xampp developer access - can allow access but how to connect/update db
        workaround - import db and install on his machine (Can't be a remote connection  
        but we can prove that this will work anywhere if we have a remote repo(cloud to host))
    Remote desktop
    copy and download???
        workaround...  can be use the same machine to download and the copy manually as we do now
    if the workaround is ok.. then can be continue with the same code (sol : need to download to local)

drawback
---------------------
    on download - if there is one file with same name exists then the download wont be effective
    (What happens is - system will check for the filename and try to decrypt that file- no errors)
        NEED workaround??



Workflow 
************

Set up our machine as server/host machine and can be connect with second machine
Set up and config XAMPP DB in server machine(With developer access)    
    with dev access , can be read/write from locally connected devices(Need to confrm)
for initial run , Run setup.py in the second machine
    (to install all the libraries required for our project , which are listed in requirements.py folder)
upload-
    create a shared path in remote machine to save files
    upload/copy files from local to remote and encrypt and save details on the db stored in server
Download -
    get info from db(server machine db) and verify , once verified , 
            decrypt and downld/copy to the location selected by the user
    update count in DB.